[thunder rumbling]
[carabiner clinks]
[exhales]
[tense music playing]
[instructor] Stop there!
Unhook yourself.
Go on!
Stop! Hold it.
If I told you to jump off a cliff.
would you do it?
We want soldiers
who can think for themselves. not sheep!
That's it. you're done.
[instructor over comm]
Send the next one up.
[officer] Villiers!
Next up. Villiers!
[tense music continues]
[woman exhales]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[Villiers exhales]
[instructor] Step out. let's go!
Go on!
[thunder crashes]
Stop!
Look at me. Look at me!
Lift your arms up.
Unhook yourself.
No!
What did you say?
What's the matter. you scared?
I'm not scared. sir.
I just don't take unnecessary risks!
Fine. head to the end then.
[tense music continues]
[instructor] Stop! Lift your right knee.
[exhales]
Now. sing!
I said. sing!
[sings in French]
[in English] I can't hear you!
You hear anything?
[Villiers continues singing in French]
[in English] Alright.
that's enough! Can it!
What's with the oldies?
Don't tell me you like Piaf?
Just one of those hopeless romantics. sir!
Alright. come on back!
- Hold on!
- [tense music continues]
Why are you here?
I want to be a part of the GIGN. sir!
Yeah. why?
It's the best in the world!
The best counter-terrorism--
Yeah. yeah.
I've seen the recruitment ads too.
Why are you here. Max?
Because I can be the best. sir!
Better than your dad?
You got what it takes. Max? Can you do it?
Honestly. I don't know yet.
But it's the only thing I want to do.
and I'll give anything to prove it.
[instructor] Next. Lemoine!
Why'd they ask you all that stuff?
It's nothing.
just bullshit to throw us off.
[music fades]
Good thing you pushed the kid.
You don't want people saying
you're playing favorites with your godson.
You did the right thing.
ELITE FORCE
[coach] Come on. guys!
Pick it up! Let's go!
- Come on!
- [grunting]
[exhales sharply]
[officer] Trainees.
as soon as you're ready. start the count.
- [trainee 1] Shooter one. ready.
- [trainee 2] Shooter two. ready.
AN AUDACIOUS MOVE
[auspicious music playing]
[officer] Three. two. one.
KOUACHI
THE FINAL ASSAULT
- [both exhale]
- [coach] Let's go! 13!
Fourteen!
Fifteen!
CAUTION
ELECTRIC FENCE
[man on radio] Overcast day
lined up for us today.
but no need to bring those umbrellas.
we're not expecting rain.
[woman] Where are you?
Coming. yeah. I'm here.
That's pretty nice.
- Is it new?
- What. this?
- Yeah.
- [chuckles]
Yeah. You like it?
Yeah. I do.
- Do you have the matching set?
- [chuckles]
You guess.
- Show me.
- No. I don't think I will.
- Come on.
- No.
I'll show you as soon as you hand in
your resignation and come back to Paris.
You know I have to wait
until the recruitment's over.
Hello. sweetheart!
- You're just gonna take it without asking?
- If I asked. you'd just say no!
Hello. pretty girl!
Never mind. she's gone.
16-year-olds are like that!
- Doesn't even say hi to her dad?
- [sighs]
That's okay. I'll see her tonight
at the academy anyway.
That was yesterday.
- You're joking.
- I'm not.
Her rehearsal was always on the 5th.
Ah. fuck…
I really thought it was tonight.
- How was it?
- [pager beeping]
ALERT 1
Call you back later.
I have to go.
[suspenseful music playing]
[alarm blaring]
Let's go. come on!
Move. Let's move! Through here.
[man] The army's weapons depot
in Châteaudun.
Four soldiers were shot dead. unprovoked.
I can see that.
[man] Two other soldiers are missing.
They could be hostages.
It was quick. brutal. efficient.
AK-47. AK-47. and an Uzi?
An Uzi. yeah.
[woman] The terrorists
obviously knew the area well.
They knew where the cameras were
and shot a few out.
It was intentional. precise. cold.
They're pros.
We're still looking
for anything to ID them.
Seems like they're used
to working together.
Maybe they're mercenaries.
But why take such a big risk
for some firearms?
You can get guns anywhere.
Well. this is an unusual case.
The pallets are loaded with explosives.
CL-20. An experimental compound.
- So that's what they took. huh?
- [man] Just as it came in.
Most powerful explosive currently known.
And there was a ton.
Do we have a location for these guys?
Not yet. I've got Recon
going over everything right now.
They just got the pictures.
They'll find 'em.
I've taken Tanya off Demo. She's with you.
Stop this truck and retrieve the cargo.
I'm leaving you
in charge of the operation.
- You're not coming with us?
- I'm not the one the guys need out there.
I'll stay at Command.
- Wait. we've got a clear cam here.
- Pull it up for us.
[woman] Right there. on the roof.
- That's a cooling unit.
- Right. Which means it has a GPS chip.
We'll check with the police
and trace the truck that way.
We'll keep your unit on the ground.
in support.
- You'll man the gun.
- Okay.
We have a chopper in
from Villacoublay just now.
- And we'll take the 82.
- Alright.
Chloé. can you keep us
posted on the truck? Let's move.
[Chloé] Yeah.
[pensive music playing]
COMMIT FOR LIFE
[music turns dramatic]
- [pilot 1] Circuit breakers on?
- [pilot 2] Breakers on.
[pilot 1] I've got the radios.
[helicopter engine whirring]
[dramatic music continues]
[gun cocks]
[pilot 1] Re-centered.
Pre-flight complete.
[pilot 2] Copy.
[Cédric] Alright. let's go!
[man] Take vehicle 4. alright?
[Cédric] Here comes the reinforcements.
Glad you're here. Demo!
- [Tanya] You good?
- Yeah.
Priority to the departing team.
Hey. Mustachio. show your elders
some respect and get inside. would ya?
Yeah. and try not to forget
I can blow your balls off too.
Might have trouble blowing up
something that small!
- [chuckles]
- [chuckles] C'mon. get in with me.
Slick ride you got.
Yeah. got her last week.
Seized from a race at the Spanish border.
[engines rumble]
[door slams]
[dramatic music continues]
[woman] They're heading out!
We're not finishing up first?
Mop all you want. man.
We're watching the action.
Let's go.
[indistinct chatter]
- Sit down. It's fine.
- [Christophe] General.
[engines revving]
We're taking off. let's go!
[Chloé on comm] We've got 'em.
His GPS puts him 40 kilometers away.
on a back road heading towards Chartres.
[Cédric] Okay.
we're all converging on the A10.
[Christophe] There are
reportedly two hostages.
What're you doing out there? Hello!
Villiers. Colonel.
We heard the team was heading out.
We wanted to show our support.
Get the fuck over there.
I don't wanna hear you.
You're invisible. Got it?
[intense music playing]
[David] We've got eyes on the truck.
[music turns suspenseful]
It's at kilometer 81. heading south.
It's just the truck. no other vehicles.
He's moving fast.
[suspenseful music continues]
There's a town coming up ahead.
1.5 clicks out.
[Chloé] There's also a school
at the edge of the urban area.
JULES FERRY ELEMENTARY SCHOOL
That could be a target.
[Tanya] They're carrying a ton of CL-20.
If it goes up.
it'll wipe out the whole neighborhood.
- That won't happen.
- It might explode and take you down.
[David] If you've got a better idea.
I'm all ears.
Otherwise. you know what we have to do.
Everyone. get back!
Cédric. pull back and intervene later.
Copy. Pulling back now.
[engines decelerate]
We need to get around! Left side. go!
[suspenseful music continues]
[children chattering indistinctly]
Truck's almost at the school.
[suspenseful music continues]
[David] We've got
a school bus on approach.
They'll cross paths in 900 yards.
[indistinct chatter]
[David] No one in the passenger seat.
Just the driver.
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music continues]
- [gunshot]
- [tires screeching]
[children scream]
[David] Target immobilized.
- [children screaming]
- [driver] Shit!
Alright. put me down here!
David. I'm the negotiator.
You get the kids off the bus.
[driver] The bus is stuck.
I can't do anything. I'm locked down.
They're coming down on a rope!
[suspenseful music continues]
[David] Police! Hands up. now!
[breathing heavily]
[David] Let me see your hands!
He's crazy. There's more. look!
[David] Both hands
above your head. right now!
[breathing heavily]
Raise both hands above your head!
Hands! Hands!
[driver] I'm unarmed! They forced me!
I had no choice! [breathing heavily]
[breathing heavily] They made me do it.
you have to believe me!
They said if I get arrested.
I have to release the trigger!
It's too late!
[David] Hands above your head. right now!
I wanna see your hands. Show me!
[operator] Alpha Team in position.
- [children chattering indistinctly]
- [Cédric] Open up!
Good afternoon. kids. Everything's okay.
We have to get off the bus now.
My wife and kids… they're still at home!
They said they'd kill me
if I didn't deliver the shipment.
Hands! Hands above your head. now!
[man on comm] Evacuating the bus now.
Second team on approach.
[David] Both hands!
Your other hand too!
[Osman] My name is Sergeant Osman.
[Chloé] I'm on it.
- Let's all head out. one at a time!
- [officer 1] Stay nice and calm.
[Cédric] Ma'am. can you take
a few of the kids?
[officer 2] Let's go!
[Osman] It's me or my family.
I have no choice!
[David] Raise your left hand. slowly.
I need to see what you have in it!
[officer speaking indistinctly over comm]
[Osman breathing shakily]
[Djibril] Fuck.
[David] He has a release trigger.
Please! Keep moving.
Cédric. pick it up.
It could blow any second.
- [officer 1] Step down and head that way.
- [officer 2] Move!
[Christophe] Tanya. what do we got?
[Tanya] Two crates. I'll inspect the door.
[Chloé] David. Osman is one of
two soldiers taken from the base.
- [David] Copy.
- [Chloé] He may be a hostage.
- Okay. Sergeant Osman. right?
- Right.
Okay.
We're okay. Osman.
Everything's fine.
Go help with the kids. please.
Osman. look at me.
- I'm putting my weapon away.
- Alright.
[tense music playing]
- [Cédric] Come on. keep moving!
- [officer 1] Good. go!
- [officer 3] Let's go!
- [officer 4] Run! Go!
- [kid] Are they gonna shoot?
- [officer 3] Go!
[officer 2] Head that way!
[Tanya] Door check okay.
I'm opening it.
I'm going up.
[David] Look at me. Hey!
You're okay.
Keep looking at me.
Stay with me. Sergeant. Here. okay?
I'm gonna walk slowly to the door
and open it so we can talk.
- Is that alright?
- [Osman breathing heavily]
Okay. I'm opening the door.
Look at me.
Hey. I'm here.
Hey. here.
Look at me. You have kids?
Sarah and Nora. Yeah.
Sarah and Nora. Beautiful names.
- I think they're at my place--
- [David] I know they are.
We're on our way to your family right now.
We're helping you.
we're gonna help them too.
[Cédric] Bus evacuated. The kids are safe.
[tense music continues]
[Tanya] No parallel circuit.
Everything's connected to the trigger.
[breathing heavily]
Look at me.
Good. Now. I want you to think
of your daughters. Sarah and Nora.
The more you think. the tighter
you're gonna squeeze your left hand.
Alright.
- [David] Okay? Keep squeezing.
- Okay.
- [David] Squeeze your left hand. tight.
- Yeah.
[Tanya] David. I need the trigger
to disarm the system.
We've got about
60 CL-20 tubes connected here.
Your right hand. you can lower it now.
Okay. good. Very good.
You're doing great. Look at me.
[tense music continues]
Extend your left hand towards me.
Easy. easy.
Just hold out your left hand. Osman.
[Tanya] I can't do anything with this.
I need the detonator.
[tense music builds]
Osman. look at me.
Think of your daughters.
You're doing great. Right. just like that.
Great job. You're doing great.
Keep looking at me.
Fantastic. Got it.
[exhaling]
[David] You're okay.
- [Osman groans]
- [David] You're okay.
Look. we can get you out of this now.
It's almost over.
[ominous music playing]
Really great job. Well done. Sergeant.
Okay. so. we found
Osman's family at home. unharmed.
Gagged and bound. though.
The hostage takers had just left them.
The sergeant couldn't have known.
so he kept following their orders.
He told us his mission
was to drop off his cargo
in an abandoned car park near Chartres.
And if he was caught.
he was supposed to blow himself up.
We didn't let him.
Then at the rendezvous.
we found a second refrigerated truck that
we hadn't known was taken from the base.
Inside was the driver.
The second soldier who was taken hostage.
They shot him. He must've had
the exact same orders as Osman.
They threatened to kill his family
if he didn't obey.
But they killed him
when he delivered the shipment.
We didn't find anything in the truck.
But we know he'd been transporting CL-20.
The device they used was sophisticated.
Almost professional grade.
So it's not a stretch to say
this was well organized and planned.
Tanya? All yours.
[pensive music playing]
CL-20. New explosive material.
State of the art.
Originally a failed pesticide
from the States.
- Can you start the video. please?
- Yeah.
[Tanya] The FPA test base.
The video is from the live fire test
five years ago.
And that was only five pounds.
It's the most powerful
conventional explosive to date.
And handling it is extremely complex.
Fewer than ten of us
have the right training.
The last time I saw this stuff
was in Afghanistan. U.S. stockpile.
Now. France has never
publicly admitted to having any.
but of course.
that's what was stolen last night
A ton. And only half of it
was in the truck we stopped.
So there's still half a ton
of CL-20 out there?
[Tanya] Yeah.
Internal Security
and the Versailles police are on the case.
I've put Recon at their disposal too.
Christophe. you're briefing the team.
I want them ready as soon as we can.
Of course. General. I'll take care of it.
Well. let's get it done. Right.
- Wanna eat?
- Yeah.
[man] Right. let's go.
[David] Hell of a stunt they pulled off.
Hitting the warehouse…
They've got balls.
I'm not leaving you with an easy file
once I officially announce my departure.
Hey. Houston. anyone home?
How long's it been since we last spoke?
- We're speaking now.
- Nah. I mean. really spoke.
Well. yesterday you showed me that bike
you wanted to buy. I'm still in shock.
David.
What's going on?
Stage 3 pancreatic cancer.
That's what's going on.
The doctor gave me five to six months.
But I'm stubborn. so more like seven.
[sighs] But I'm done.
[poignant music playing]
- You're "done"?
- Mm-hmm.
What're you talking about. you're "done"?
That's all you've got to say to me?
After everything. you're just giving up?
Some fights don't come
with a training manual.
There's nothing to be done.
We can't prep for this.
I'm not gonna beat this one. It's over.
So I'm standing down.
I want to spend time with my family.
We haven't always been there.
- Yeah.
- David.
Don't feel guilty about leaving.
It's the right decision for you and Jess.
- Yeah.
- She's been waiting for you for so long.
You've already had your best missions.
And don't you worry about Max. okay?
I'll make sure he doesn't make the cut.
even if he passes selection.
Don't worry. he won't.
- You're bad at small talk. You know that?
- [chuckles]
[glasses clink]
[playing "Impromptu No. 2"
by Franz Schubert]
[piano music fades]
[poignant music playing]
- [music fades]
- [siren wailing distantly]
["What It Is" by Amber Mark
playing over speakers]
♪ So there goes my heart ♪
Knock-knock. anyone home?
♪ I fell apart ♪
- [laughs]
- ♪ Trying to love ♪
[both moaning]
♪ Wanna be free… ♪
- Where's Manon?
- She's at the gym. don't worry.
- [chuckles] Lucky me.
- Yeah.
- ♪Is it in the stars? ♪
- [chuckles. moans]
[sighs]
Thanks.
All that stuff with Christophe…
I can't believe it.
Is it giving you second thoughts
about resigning?
[David] No. The opposite. actually.
I've made up my mind.
And pretty soon.
we can live out our dream.
A trip around the world by sailboat.
I'll officially announce it
at the grad ceremony. Do things properly.
And Max? He's graduating soon.
- You gonna leave him alone in the field?
- No. but…
Max won't be graduating. that's for sure.
He's not gonna make the team.
So?
What d'you think?
Ready for the trip of a lifetime?
Shit. Mom. my class was actually
at 9:00 this morning.
- Hey. Dad!
- Hey!
- I didn't know you were here.
- Mm.
- What?
- You guys are being weird.
- No. you're being weird.
- Yeah. You should stop being so weird.
- Yeah.
- Hmm. okay. sure. Okay.
- Can you drive me to class. Mom?
- Sorry. I've gotta go to work.
- It's gonna take like hours by metro.
- I can take you. get your helmet.
You sure?
Of course. I'm sure.
I can't bring my girl to her piano lesson?
- Sounds good.
- Let's go. grab your helmet.
- Let me get changed. Be right back.
- Okay.
[Manon] This is a first.
Love you.
Okay. it's 8:42 and we can get
to the 17th arrondissement in six minutes.
- The 17th what?
- I'm gonna be able to do this more often.
Drive you to classes. or whatever.
We can spend more time together.
If you're not embarrassed
to hang out with your old man. that is.
- But…
- I want to spend more time with you.
Yeah. same. Dad. but it's not in the 17th.
I switched to a different academy.
In Saclay.
- In Saclay?
- Yeah.
- We're gonna make it. Hold on tight.
- [starts bike]
We won't make it. Oh. shit…
Not exactly Club Med!
You guys aren't cold?
[all] No!
Come on. even I'm freezing my ass off!
You! You're not cold?
[recruit] Not gonna lie. sir.
it's cold out here.
Why didn't you say something?
We're not animals!
Don't worry.
we'll get you warmed up real fast.
Electric heater…
You said you were cold. right? Here.
Above your head.
- [grunts]
- It warms you up. right?
It does. yes. sir.
Go on. pass it down to your buddy.
I want to see big smiles. guys!
And careful with that one. okay?
It's the General's.
If it touches the ground.
we're in trouble.
Three… two… one… let's go!
[intense music playing]
The GIGN isn't just a task force.
it's the cream of the crop!
We're the best there is.
But being the best comes at a cost.
If I'm going into battle.
I need to know in my bones
that I can put my life in your hands.
That I can trust my comrades-in-arms.
[intense music continues]
And if you want to be a part of this team.
we need to be sure that we can trust you.
[Valère] Let's add a little atmosphere.
Yup. it's a smoke bomb.
Alright. let's pick it up. slowpokes!
Don't stop!
- [trainees coughing]
- [Valère] Come on! Keep going!
I know you're exhausted.
So if you can't take it anymore.
put it down.
It's okay.
You can reapply next year.
[David] We're at a 100 meters.
Remember that at 100 meters.
one notch is equal to a centimeter.
I want you to put five bullets
dead center.
Good luck. gentlemen.
[intense music continues]
[Cédric] Two weeks ago.
there were 100 of you.
How many of you are left now? 14?
After tomorrow.
if you don't have what it takes.
then we're gonna show you the door.
We could send you all home.
We could.
[gunshots]
[David] However. those of you that manage
to survive the selection process
will have earned your spot.
Hey. don't forget
you're barely getting paid for this!
If you wanna give up. now's your chance.
[grunting]
[gunshots]
Dropping out yet?
Oh. hell no. not a chance!
Just one more push to go. ma'am.
[gunshots]
- [grunts]
- [Valère] Congratulations! It's a boy!
And if you're lucky enough
to join my section. or Cédric's.
then I promise
we'll lay down our lives for you too.
That's if you make it.
Arms up!
[gunshots]
[David] We're changing the last test.
To bomb defusal.
We shouldn't be changing things up
at the last minute.
- Besides. demo isn't our job. not really.
- Wait. what do you mean?
We had explosives to deal with
just yesterday.
Demo's a part of it.
We adapt. You gotta be ready.
- Are you changing it because of Max?
- Yeah.
Ah. don't be an asshole. David.
You know what he's been through.
Imagine we're on a mission.
and we come across a bomb. What do we do?
Oh. c'mon. you don't want to test him.
you want him to fail.
You think he'll end up like his father.
[somber music playing]
[music fades]
- Djibril. we're changing the last test.
- Stop what you're doing.
- [grunts]
- [Djibril] We're changing things up.
[plane passes overhead]
[zipping]
Look at me.
[beeps]
You got this.
[comm beeps]
[tense music playing]
[over radio] Tanya for Max. you hear me?
Loud and clear.
Hold on a minute. Just breathe.
[exhales slowly]
There you go. Now move up.
- And keep your eyes peeled.
- Hey.
[tense music continues]
[hardcore metal music
blaring from speaker]
[high-pitched distorted growl]
[Max] There's a wire.
It leads towards the stairs.
I'm following it…
Leads to an electric panel.
It's…
- [beeping]
- [Max] Shit. I triggered something.
Better hurry. You have one minute.
[metal music continues]
[Max] I can see
an improvised explosive device.
One tube. some wires.
Okay. I know which one to cut.
[metal music continues]
[song volume increases]
[distortion intensifies]
[distorted music builds]
[distorted music continues]
- [song fades]
- [hopeful music playing]
[panting] Disarmed.
[sighs]
[Max chuckles]
[Max sighs]
[cheering]
- Woo!
- Bravo!
Alright. alright.
let's make some noise. yeah?
- Bravo!
- [cheering continues]
- [PJ] She said yes!
- Yeah!
I'm getting married. guys!
I'm getting married!
- [cheering]
- Bravo!
[woman] Congrats!
[distant applause]
[sighs]
[lively chatter]
- It'll be a beautiful ceremony.
- We're off to a good start.
- Hello. General.
- Hi. Jess. See you later.
How are you?
- Thank you for the message.
- Mm-hm.
[Christophe chuckles]
- It's the big night. huh?
- Sure is.
- You seen David?
- No. not yet.
[sighs]
[lively chatter continues distantly]
It's been a long time.
[Nathalie] Fifteen years.
[somber music playing]
- You promised he'd never make the Force.
- Oh. Nathalie…
I tried everything.
I put up roadblocks everywhere I could.
I was tougher on him than all the others.
I practically shoved him out the door.
But what else was I supposed to do?
He's brilliant.
That doesn't stop someone
from getting killed.
If I lose him too…
This fucking place… already took Laurent.
Now it's trying to take my boy?
You have to promise me
that you'll look out for him.
That you'll never leave Max alone.
Promise me.
Never.
Don't forget.
if it hadn't been for you.
I never would've lost my husband.
[somber music continues]
[cheering]
Pierre-Jean Lemoine.
Tactical Unit. Section One.
[dramatic music playing]
Wear it with dignity and pride.
[applause]
[cheering and whistling]
NATIONAL GENDARMERIE
INTERVENTION GROUP
[general] Raphaëlle Ricci.
Reconnaissance and Intelligence.
[dramatic music continues]
Wear it with dignity and pride.
[applause]
[cheering and whistling]
Bravo!
[general] Maxime Villiers.
Tactical Unit. Section One.
[dramatic music continues]
Wear it with dignity and pride.
- [cheering and whistling]
- [man] Alright!
You wanted to say a few words. didn't you?
[music turns pensive]
I'm sorry. I'm not very. uh…
good at all this stuff.
Today is special.
You've all worked hard.
Today marks a turning point.
For you as well as for me.
You endured a rigorous
and ruthless selection process
and now you're officially
part of the team.
Well done.
This team is exceptional.
You're going to work and live
side by side.
It's kind of like a family.
One that demands a lot of you.
We'll need to make sacrifices.
And I believe that these sacrifices
cannot be made alone.
Your families. their support and love.
make this job possible.
But this wasn't their idea.
It wasn't by choice.
They've been forced into it.
So. thank you.
Thanks. because you…
show us what true courage looks like.
You're probably braver than any of us.
We ask you to do the impossible.
To put up with delays.
with late nights. with beeping pagers.
With the fear you must feel
when we're sent on a mission.
Especially the tough ones.
Sometimes. far away.
So who are the real heroes?
Maybe it's your families.
- Alright. let's celebrate!
- [applause]
See you tomorrow in the field.
[cheering and whistling]
[music turns dramatic]
Bravo!
[whistling]
[sighs]
[electronic dance music
playing over speakers]
[lively chatter]
I just want to thank you for your support.
- It's my pleasure. You earned your spot.
- Thanks.
[man] Hey. David!
Where're you going? Come back!
I can't abandon Max.
I just can't.
[poignant music playing]
They offered me a promotion at the bank.
It's a… it's a huge opportunity.
That's amazing.
It's in Singapore.
I didn't mention it because it just…
It was out of the question.
I know you wouldn't want
to move there with me. and…
I couldn't break up our family.
Nothing's more important to me.
But obviously. it's different for you.
Me and Manon have never come first.
That's not…
But you have… Jess.
And Max?
Are you gonna tell him
why you're doing this?
[David sighs]
Just… give me a bit more time. please.
As for Singapore. I'm gonna take it.
I'm going back to Paris.
[both laugh]
Why'd you ask for the tactical team?
Okay. 'cause they're the best
and all that. but. uh…
What's. like. the real reason?
You know David and my dad
were in the same section here?
They were like brothers.
One day.
something went wrong on a mission.
[poignant music playing]
The explosion?
Yeah.
Fifteen years ago. After Dad died.
Mom wanted to get me
as far away from them as she could.
I only came back this year.
Mm.
But my home. my real home.
it's always been here.
In Satory.
Right here. like my dad.
- [inhales]
- [Rapha] Hm.
What about you?
Intel and Recon. that's…
that's what you wanted?
- Don't think I can't hear that tone.
- [chuckles]
To be honest. uh…
Recon has… always been my dream.
It's what I'm meant to do.
And I'm really good at it.
Tracking criminals. following leads…
[Christophe] I don't get
what you're doing. David.
At least move Max to another section.
Come on! Use your head!
I've forgiven you.
But him? Does he even know
what really happened?
No.
[tense music playing]
[dramatic sting plays]
[tense music continues]
How are you planning on keeping
an eye on him in the field? Huh?
What's your plan?
I know you think you're staying for him.
but you're not.
You're kidding yourself. my friend.
[tense music builds]
[dramatic music playing]
[intense music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm